Manhattan Community Board 3: fancy new warnings.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Okay, so I gave everybody but Clint co host ability so
that you can see what the controls are. Is anybody not working on it, either a
laptop or a desktop. Is anybody using like an iPad or anything like that.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Everyone's got a laptop right so control should look
probably similar to what I'm working on, on a desktop, but that might be the only
place where we run into trouble here.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The one functionality that you lose as a host or co
host or one of the functionalities that he loses the ability to raise your hand. So
that's why sometimes Susan isn't able to raise her hand or meetings and she's
raising her hand on the screen.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because I made her co host
Manhattan Community Board 3: And if she wants to speak. She has no other way of
telling you. She wants to speak, other than raising your hand and hoping she sees
you, or just interrupting the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So keep that in mind running the meetings. If you're
making other people on your committee a co host in order for them to either take
notes or help you run the meeting administrative Lee, they're going to lose the
ability to raise their hand if they want to comment.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Tim just joined us as well.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Make him a co host well alright so
Manhattan Community Board 3: Today we're going to send everybody the CB three login
information that needs it for your meetings.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because you will have to login to the CB three account
in order to start your meeting when you log into the account. So there's two ways to
get into zoom
Manhattan Community Board 3: You either just go to zoom.com which is the website or
you open the zoom app on your desktop. If you go to zoom.com you actually have more
functionality.
Manhattan Community Board 3: For creating meetings and scheduling meetings that you
do, just go through the zoom app. So I always suggest just to go through to zoom.com
and login that way and then we'll start a meeting. It will then open the zoom app
automatically for you.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The other thing I wanted to remind everybody is Zoom
just released a new update. So before you get on to another zoom meeting. Just make
sure I think it's version 5.2 point four is the new version. So just make sure that
that's the version you're working on.
Manhattan Community Board 3: It doesn't automatically download on your desktop, you
have to go into the settings on zoom and just Athan and say look for updates and
then once you get the update it will download it for you.
Manhattan Community Board 3: I just want to talk briefly about the difference
between meetings and webinars so we're running all of our committee meetings.
Manhattan Community Board 3: As under the meeting function of zoom, which means that
everybody who wants to attend the meeting, whether they are a board member or a
member of the public.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Has the ability to use their video and use their audio.
The biggest difference with a webinar, which is how we're running our full board
meetings and our executive meetings, is that the
Manhattan Community Board 3: People who are passionate people who are given the role
of panelists, ie the board members.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Have to be invited to the meeting and they get a
special link to join the meeting, and they are the only ones that have the ability
to show their face to search and use their video and use their audio.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Everybody else members of the public just gets a
separate link that lets them view the media.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And that the host of the webinar. And I won't go too
much into it because you guys won't be dealing with webinars. But whoever is hosting
and managing the webinar administratively
Manhattan Community Board 3: Can move people from the view only attendee portal to
that panelist portal. So if they have more functionality or can momentarily make
somebody who's an attendee
Manhattan Community Board 3: Be able to speak and can unlock their microphone for
them. So if you want to ask them a question or they want to jump in and say
something you can allow that temporarily thought moving them into the panelists mode
and giving them that functionality.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Clint. Is there anything else I missed about meetings
versus webinars.
OK.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The next thing I want to talk about is just the screen
view. So for me, I found it very easy to run the meetings, if I have the screen.
Manhattan Community Board 3: If I have three windows open the view of the videos of
people's faces the participant window and the chat window.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And we'll go into a little bit more those in detail.
And it's easy, especially the participant window is that
Manhattan Community Board 3: Best window to have open next to the the video screen
because it gives you the quickest options, at least in my opinion, to be able to
unmute people or kick people out if you need to or manage people. It also gives you
Manhattan Community Board 3: The list of everybody who's raising their hand, and it
does it in order, who raised their hand first.
Manhattan Community Board 3: I think everybody knows this by now. But when you're in
when you're looking at your screen. There's two modes.
Manhattan Community Board 3: You should be something you should see something at the
top of your screen that says speaker view or gallery view. And that's how you change
the view.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So if you like you're in gallery view which shows all
the little boxes like the Brady Bunch. If you're in the speaker view and only shows
you who's currently speaking at that time.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And as a big picture and then a little scroll on the
top of who else is also there.
Manhattan Community Board 3: This is why it's important to keep everybody muted when
they're not speaking, because depending on what we're recording and how we're
recording different microphones, so if if
Manhattan Community Board 3: Say, Linda is going over a resolution and Clint has his
microphone open and coughs that cough is going to momentarily cause Clint camera to
be captured and interrupt Linda speaking
Manhattan Community Board 3: On the on the video record of the meeting. So usually
we just keep everybody muted and have only the person who's actually speaking at the
time.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Open so that there's not a lot of open mikes. You're
not picking up that
Clint Smeltzer: One thing added that to the other thing. Not only does it
interrupted video but it breaks up the transcription as well.
Clint Smeltzer: For the record, the transcription recording that is broken up
instead of a consistent line if someone's video cuts in it breaks up you're speaking
into different lines for the transcription and makes it a lot more jumbled
Manhattan Community Board 3: So I gave everybody, I believe, except Lisa
Manhattan Community Board 3: There we go, now she has it everybody but Clint is
given co host ability. So if you basically just move your mouse over the screen and
for the photos along the bottom of your screen. All of the control should show up.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So the first control for me. I'm going to go in order
of what I see. If somebody is it, seeing what I see holler and let me know.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So the first control all the way to the left is the
mute microphone. It should have a little arrow next to it so
Manhattan Community Board 3: The arrow, basically, if you click on that just shows
you, there should be a checkmark next to whatever you're using as your audio source
and whatever you are using as your speaker source so
Manhattan Community Board 3: For instance, if you have somebody like Felicia
Cruickshank who's had audio problems. The past couple of meetings.
Manhattan Community Board 3: One of the ways you can troubleshoot with them is
asking them to open up this arrow and see what's check to see what it is that
they're supposed there because it could be that she's not joining the meeting
correctly and she's not clicking the button that says join the meeting by audio.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Instead of joining joining the meeting by phone.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So this is a good place to look for, for those
Manhattan Community Board 3: Types of things. This is also a quick and easy button
to unmute yourself. So if you know if you want to meet yourself for any reason. If
you're, you know, need a break from talking with somebody else to do it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Or if it's not your turn to talk. You can just click
that and it turns into their red slash icon. The next one is the stop video button.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So again, this one has an arrow next to it as well,
which just tells you
Manhattan Community Board 3: What you're using as your video source. It also gives
you an option to choose a virtual background. If you want one.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Some people find those fun. Some people if you don't
have a green screen, you wind up looking like Megan looks right now.
Manhattan Community Board 3: There's also in both the mute and stop video button,
there's there's additional settings that you can open. I'm not going to go into
those in more detail because once you start playing around with settings. It gets
really complicated.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Same thing with the mute button if you just click this
video. If you click the icon to stop the video, it will turn your video off
momentarily.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So you've probably seen me do this in our longer
meetings that usually means I even need to go get some more water or I need a
bathroom break, and I don't want you to see me getting up so so for any reason you
need to
Manhattan Community Board 3: Just not want to be showing your video, you can just
click
Manhattan Community Board 3: That and
Manhattan Community Board 3: Deal with it there.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The second way. The thing about Zoom is that
Manhattan Community Board 3: There's
Manhattan Community Board 3: At least two if not three ways to do everything.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So, the other way to mute yourself or stop your video
is if you just hover over your picture on the screen. You're a little square, you'll
see a little blue square, it shows up. It says in you and then three dots next to
it. If you click on those three dots.
Manhattan Community Board 3: There's something that says
Manhattan Community Board 3: mute my audio stop video rename which we'll get into
pin video, which means that whoever is video you pin that video is always going to
be in your top left screen, no matter what.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Spotlight video which we've never used or you can hide
the selfie. So if you don't want to be looking at yourself.
Manhattan Community Board 3: All the time as you're running a meeting, you can just
hide your view so that you don't have to see it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The next icon on the bottom controls is the security
icon.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So if you open that you'll see the options are to lock
the meeting. And this is where if
Manhattan Community Board 3: We'll go into it a little bit later. More detail to if
you get zoom bombed. This is one of the two places where you can lock the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: What locking the meeting means that anybody with the
code for the meeting won't be able to join it. You basically closing the meeting
that
Manhattan Community Board 3: We try not to do this because obviously we want the
public to be able to join the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: But the minute you think you get into zoom bomb. The
first thing to do is to lock your meeting because what happens is that once zoom
bomb refines active meeting they
Manhattan Community Board 3: Transmit that code out to all the other two bombers and
your meeting will start getting flooded. If anybody saw the SLA video that got June
bomb. Do you all
Manhattan Community Board 3: See what that looks like.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Enable waiting room. So this is one of the you are all
put into a waiting room tonight when you first came on.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So this is a new for us. We started using the waiting
room as a deterrent for zoom bombers because a lot of the literature. I've read
about zoom meeting says that June bombers don't really like to sit in a waiting
room, even for a minute.
Manhattan Community Board 3: They just like to find an open meeting cause havoc and
then get out of the meeting so
Manhattan Community Board 3: we've enabled we've started the waiting room.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So that basically if you see somebody joining the
meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And
Manhattan Community Board 3: It's already halfway through, I odds are, it might not
be a
Manhattan Community Board 3: Somebody from the community. It might be assumed
bomber. So you might just want to leave them.
Manhattan Community Board 3: In the waiting room for a minute or two, and see if
they stay there. Because if they're really somebody from the community, they're
going to stay there and waiting to your left them in, or they're going to email and
say, hey, I can't get in. I'm in the waiting room.
Manhattan Community Board 3: To zoom bombers two bombers don't
Manhattan Community Board 3: Join your meeting at the beginning. They're not like
going to our website and getting the code and saying, Oh, I'm going to join this
meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: They're basically entering in random sequences of
numbers and seeing if there's a meeting going on. They can just start
Manhattan Community Board 3: So at the very beginning of the meeting the odds are
anybody in the waiting room is there for your meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: It's, you know, the people who might join a half an
hour, an hour in that need to be a little suspicious of obviously what will happen
when somebody joins the waiting room actually Clint. Do you want to
Manhattan Community Board 3: Jump off and jump back in. We'll see if you wind up in
the waiting room again.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So basically what will happen is if you have the
participants tab open are ready to participants window and you see the list of
everybody who's in the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: At the very top of that if somebody is trying to join
the meeting a their name will pop up and it will say that during the waiting room
and then you have to choose to admit them or not admit them.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So does everybody see that
Manhattan Community Board 3: There's one person who's waiting Clint smelter so again
you just hover over his name. And there's the option to admit or remove so you just
hit submit.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And then in a couple of seconds you'll be back into the
day
Manhattan Community Board 3: Welcome back plant.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The other options in here in the security tab are
allowed to switch to share their screen, which we don't have checked at this time
because the very first meeting we had people started sharing your screen, for some
reason, I think they were just trying to play with the controls.
Manhattan Community Board 3: But if you need to give if you need to give somebody
else on your committee or a
Manhattan Community Board 3: City representative, the ability to share their screen.
The easiest way to do it is just to make them a co host of the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And I'll show you how to do that.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And then there's the chat function is in here as well.
So this is something new. And this is something that
Manhattan Community Board 3: Will talk about at exact, but we have the ability to
turn off the chat feature. So, we will talk about this in more detail because we're
currently using the chat feature to get attendance. So I have an idea about how we
can so get time is through the chat feature. And I turned it
Manhattan Community Board 3: Off, Alex.
Alexandra Militano: Is that per meeting. Can you do a per meeting as opposed to
having to do it sort of system wide.
Manhattan Community Board 3: There's two ways to do it. You can either. There's a
setting in the in our there's an account settings for our account that turns it off
for the whole account.
Manhattan Community Board 3: But then want to shut it off just for this meeting, you
would go into the security setting for that meeting and uncheck it and it will turn
the chat feature off.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The next one on that list is to remain themselves. So
when Megan first joined. She was under her husband's name.
Manhattan Community Board 3: She has the ability to change that and rename herself,
because I've given her the permission to do so. The host can also rename people as
well. I would rename Susan, a couple of times in meetings because she showed up as a
weird thing. And I was just like, I'm going to send her name.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And then the other checkbox in the
Manhattan Community Board 3: Security tab is that giving the participants, the
ability to unmute themselves.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So again we leave this check because it's somewhat
easier administratively to let people unmute unmute themselves when they need to
talk. We're all adults, we can sort of handle this.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Rather than the host to have to find somebody,
especially in larger meetings. Don't give me that I roll in Asia.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Dr meetings. I mean, if you as you're running your own
meetings. If you think it's easier to do all the unmuted and muting yourself, feel
free. But, you know, there's no right or wrong way to do this. This is my preferred
way.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And but if you want to check that nobody will be able
to unmute themselves. You'll have to unmute
Mae Lee: Oh. So, Michael, I have a question about that because, um, you know, in
some versions. When you on, you know, because they assume they keep changing this.
And so now in some versions like
Mae Lee: You if you unmute someone, you have to ask them for permission to and then
they have to do with themselves. So hopefully they do but in our version, we can
still do whatever we like in terms of that. I mean, we can mute and unmute without
them.
We shooting them.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The system gets wonky in that. So if I like Clint is
muted right now if I try to unmute Clint, and he tries to unmute himself at the same
time, like the synopsis is don't work. And then he gets locked and
Manhattan Community Board 3: And then it becomes this weird thing of like, well,
which one of us can actually unmute you now and it's usually the participants
themselves can unmute themselves.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And like I said, there's, there's two ways to do
everything in, zoom. So I'll show you how to do muting and I'm muting
Manhattan Community Board 3: Than the participants window as well. You don't have to
go here to do it. It's much easier to do it. Participants window, but I just want to
run through all the bottom controls as well.
Alexandra Militano: So, can I ask while we have this security screen up when I had
people who infiltrated by meeting was a lot to me and then systematically removing
the participants to get rid of people
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yes you lock the meeting. And then you remove the
purchase MENTION THAT STUFF LAST THING, and the security tab. And again, is also a
way to do that.
Manhattan Community Board 3: In the participants window, which is why I always
suggest to have the participants window open, because it's just an it's one less
click that you have to do.
If you're already have the participant.
Jacky Wong: Question. And if we have a lot of participants, is it easy to find out
who is the infiltrator or is it like difficult identify this person.
Manhattan Community Board 3: I'll tell you what I do when I'm when I am running the
zoom for a meeting is that I usually keep my view and speaker view because then I
automatically see who the person is
Manhattan Community Board 3: So that, because otherwise, if you're in gallery view.
As you can see, there's like little like green highlighted box around me. I'm the
one speaking now.
Manhattan Community Board 3: You don't necessarily see that if you have a large
meeting have to scroll through a whole bunch of windows to see all your
participants. So for me, usually I keep my, my view in
Manhattan Community Board 3: Speaker mode so I can see exactly who's talking. This
also helps knowing who you need to mute because if the sudden something pops up,
that's not supposed to. You can quickly just be like, oh,
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because the other thing that the participants window
does
Manhattan Community Board 3: Is that it moves people around based on who spoke last
it's not doing that now because we're all listed as Co host. Actually, it kind of is
because Alex is on is right below me and Jackie's right below her. So like whoever
speaks Ness gets thrown to the top of the list.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So that helps as well, knowing who's, who's involved.
Susan Stetzer: In my, on my security doesn't have anything about muting I have
Susan Stetzer: Locked meeting waiting room share screen chat.
Susan Stetzer: Rename and remove it doesn't have anything about muting
Lisa Kaplan: Yeah, be too.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So that might be one of the differences between being a
host and a co host. So you wanna
Clint Smeltzer: I think that might have to do. So that's been added and deleted from
the last two updates. So I think it was added back in, in the last update. So you
may
Clint Smeltzer: You may want to check. I don't know if you can actually do it. Now
if you pull up not your zoom meeting, but if you have still have the zoom app window
open
Clint Smeltzer: In the upper right hand corner there should be a little profile
initial
Clint Smeltzer: If you click on that there should be a check for updates.
Clint Smeltzer: About three quarters of the way down in the list.
Laryssa: Also, if I may say, I'm in gallery view right now as Co host. When I click
on anyone's window. I do have the option in my version to unmute them in the top
right of their window.
Laryssa: So I may be on an older version, but that might be something you're seeing
if you click on someone's window you can unmute them.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah, it might be like Clint said it's probably a.
There are some slight differences between a host and CO host of what they can and
cannot do. But I think it's more
Manhattan Community Board 3: Version. They've been they've been going back and forth
with some functionality. So again,
Manhattan Community Board 3: Before you join your next meeting. Do that update and
maybe Clint, can you type up how to do it and we can send it out to everybody
because will send it to the full board also so that everyone has the latest version.
Paul Rangel: Michael if you hover over their name you comes up on them as well. If
you have one from our participants name.
Paul Rangel: You can
Paul Rangel: unmute them that way.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah, exactly.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So the next icon is the participants icon and basically
you just need to click this to
Manhattan Community Board 3: Open the participants window.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So when you have the testaments window open, you'll see
basically a list of names.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And right now, Clint is the only one that's not a co
host so Clinton, the only one who can kind of abuse.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So if you hover over Clinton name you see two blue
squares.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Appear one that says asked him to unmute and the other
one that says more if you click More that's where you get all of these other
options. You can either you can click chat to directly chat with Clint.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So that nobody else sees it, although, as we all know,
chats get downloaded even the private ones.
Manhattan Community Board 3: You can stop his video you can spotlight his video.
This is where you can either make him the host or make a co host. Keep in mind that
Manhattan Community Board 3: There can only be one host of a meeting. So if you make
somebody else a host you are giving up your ability as the host, but there can be
Manhattan Community Board 3: As far as I know, an infinite amount of covers. So if
you if you have somebody else that you want to be able to run the meeting with you
or be able to share the screen or whatever, make them a co host
Clint Smeltzer: I would
Susan Stetzer: Say anything about making sense not there.
Yet
Clint Smeltzer: But I'll and one thing just to add to what Michael just said, just
be careful because if you do give someone else a host position. You can't take it.
You can't take it back from them, I think.
Clint Smeltzer: They can probably transfer to you, but like if you're in a meeting
and you give someone from the city that's presenting or someone else if you give
them host position.
Clint Smeltzer: Then when it's time for you to take the meeting back over again, you
have to then have them. So just co host is always the best thing to do, instead of
transferring host
Manhattan Community Board 3: Susan what
Manhattan Community Board 3: What are you seeing Susan
Meghan Joye: Yeah, I don't see it either. Michael
Manhattan Community Board 3: This
Way or not.
Manhattan Community Board 3: It might be so you're not seeing the ability to make
somebody a co host
Meghan Joye: Right.
Manhattan Community Board 3: It may be because I'll have to check the
Manhattan Community Board 3: The link that I sent you all with the the box of
Manhattan Community Board 3: That checks off, who has the ability to do, why that
might be one of the things that only the host has the ability to make somebody a co
host
Manhattan Community Board 3: And co host can't make somebody else a co host. So let
me look into that and I will send out a correction. But I assume that's what it is.
If none of you see it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Do you guys see the one that says allow record.
Susan Stetzer: Yeah. Yes.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Again, that is, you know, we record these meetings for
our open law requirements, other people can reach to record them as well. But you
can block them from they're not allowed, unless you give them the ability to do
that. I don't see any reason why we would ever need that.
Meghan Joye: So Michael, sorry to interrupt is so automatically nobody has the
ability to record it individually and unless you give them explicit permission.
Right.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yes, that's one of the overall settings in our, in our
Manhattan Community Board 3: Login.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And just a note about recording. I've already set up
all the meetings to automatically record record to the iCloud.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So, so if you're tinkering around tinkering around and
settings and any point don't change any of the recording settings. The reason we
record it to the iCloud instead of reporting it to your hard drive is because the
Manhattan Community Board 3: Pre recorded to the iPod zoom will automatically
transcribe the audio of the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: That usually takes a day for us to get it but it's it's
a lot more helpful with with the Secretary's need to do in minutes and attendance
issues and stuff like that. So if you record it to your hard drive. We don't get the
transcription. We only get the transcript and recording to
Manhattan Community Board 3: The cloud. The other thing that you will see what you
know what I don't want to jump ahead. So then you'll see the option to rename
Manhattan Community Board 3: So again, this gets back to where it was in the
security settings. So, you know, if for some reason, Clint joined under his
husband's name or some other account, you can just click rename and type in whatever
you want it. We want it to be.
Manhattan Community Board 3: We can put them back in the waiting room if we want to.
Or we can remove him.
Like a timeout.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Exactly.
Manhattan Community Board 3: But again, so if you are getting zoom bond, you can,
you know, you can quickly try to either put them back in the waiting room and then
they'll probably leave again or just remove them from the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: There is a another feature that's not here about
reporting because it's somewhere else, which is stupid.
Alexandra Militano: I have a question.
So,
Alexandra Militano: It looks like when I clicked on cleanse more he has a bigger
list of things than you do.
Alexandra Militano: Or like Alicia does. I'm just going to the pictures that are for
me surrounding him Hall.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because we're all
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because we're all co host
Alexandra Militano: I movies, not
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah, so that's why I left Clint as a participant so
that we would see what it looks like for everybody else, like if I
Alexandra Militano: Took the CO hosts. Here we have more limited
Alexandra Militano: More limited option.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah, that's why I was saying earlier where when you
make somebody a co Host You're limiting some of the things that they can do like
raising their hand if they want to speak. That's one of the big things they lose
busy man.
Manhattan Community Board 3: But if you hover. If you hover over ANYBODY ELSE THAT
IS A CO host, you'll see that you can just withdraw the CO host permission from them
and then they just go right back to being a participant so
Meghan Joye: I don't see that option either
Manhattan Community Board 3: Oh, it's probably something the host can do so I'm
gonna whose name is Alex. I'm going to withdraw your
Manhattan Community Board 3: So now, Alex is mainly is just a participant.
Alexandra Militano: And they still did the short list, which is different from well
now clinches has two things.
Meghan Joye: Now, you're, you're a long list for me. Alex Yeah.
Alexandra Militano: So for myself I mature list that's
Manhattan Community Board 3: Correct only has two things for you now because you and
clicker at the same level you're both nice
Alexandra Militano: Nicely. I can only do two things to Clint as opposed to like
Manhattan Community Board 3: Whether you have no control over cleanse at this
moment.
Manhattan Community Board 3: But I will give you stability back, you can have more
control over Clinton you'd like to
Clint Smeltzer: So let me. I want to add one more thing before we move on for the
renaming and I, I'm not sure if this would be useful for community meetings that
we've used that I've used this and other meetings.
Clint Smeltzer: The renaming if you want to segregate people into groups so that
everyone is aware of it. Say you want to name someone the blue group. The Green
Group, the red group for purposes of sorting them out and for people knowing who's
in what
Clint Smeltzer: Either you can have themselves rename themselves as something all
consistent or you can rename them something all consistent just it's just an easy
way of sorting people out. If you want to
Clint Smeltzer: Separate them from for for some purpose that you would be using. I'm
not sure what we've used it for work meetings for different groups, but it's just
something to keep in mind.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah, like for instance.
Alexandra Militano: Today, I'm sorry.
Alexandra Militano: I was gonna say that's a good idea for our own full board
meeting, so that people can see that we're part of the community board as opposed
to, you know, everybody else.
Meghan Joye: Yeah, and I committee meetings, you could put like you know chair or
vice chair or whatever it is.
Clint Smeltzer: Yeah, something like that money. Yeah.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The other thing in the participants tab that you'll see
is. So again, because everybody but Clint is listed as a co Host You should see
three icons next year, name one is a little cloud recording thing and that means
that you as a co host have the ability to stop and start the recording.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And then you'll see the microphone icon and whether or
not your microphone is on. It will either have the red flash direct or it will be a
black
Manhattan Community Board 3: Microphone, like if you look at mine or Alex's and then
the video icon. So, like, if you look at Alicia's her video icon has a red slasher
because she's not on video, she's just doing the audio so that's also another way to
see how people have joined the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: These little buttons down at the bottom, yes, no go
slower go faster. We've never used those you
Manhattan Community Board 3: Know I just started
Alexandra Militano: I was thinking I should hit go faster. Go faster because that
would be funny.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Or yes, no, is, you know, again, because our meetings
or public, there's no way to to tell who's voting. Either way, it's just it just,
you know, if you click the yes no you'll just see like
Manhattan Community Board 3: A checkmark next to my name or an x.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Next to my name or whatever. So
Manhattan Community Board 3: I mean, maybe for small meetings, people can use this
to for small boats, but it's much easier to just do a roll call vote. We haven't
used this at all.
Susan Stetzer: So it won't be in the transcript. If you don't use it on
That
Manhattan Community Board 3: You can go faster go slower. It's basically just ways
to tell, whoever speaking that you need me to go faster go slower. So maybe we
should start using this for our elected officials, but
Meghan Joye: Michael, sorry. I have a question.
Meghan Joye: A lot of times we will do in our committee, like, Um, can I get a show
of hands, who's ready to move on, you know, or who's ready to vote or something like
that. Can we use the yes or no. For something like that, instead of doing a roll
call.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yep. Okay. Or you can just, you can also, we haven't
talked about the raise hand feature yet. You can also just do that as well. Have
people raise their hands.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because again on the committee level, you'll know who
the WHO, the members are so if somebody from the public is raising their hand or or
voting, then you'll know you know to not include them.
Manhattan Community Board 3: At the bottom again at the bottom, there's another more
tab that basically has, you know, oh they added a dislike button.
Manhattan Community Board 3: That basically has things that you can you know do to
your it shows up on your video if you want to like something or something or say
that you need a coffee break or or that you're away from your computer.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And at the very bottom again, there's an invite tab. So
if for some reason somebody is is
Manhattan Community Board 3: Not able to find the meeting information. The easiest
thing to do is just tell them, go to our website and all of our meetings are there,
but you can click on the invite tab and
Manhattan Community Board 3: It will open the meeting information and then you can
either email them directly. Or you can just copy and paste it and send it to them.
However, we wanted to that.
Manhattan Community Board 3: I'm in here. You can also mute everybody
Manhattan Community Board 3: That you want
Manhattan Community Board 3: And then if you click the mute all button a pop up will
come up that set that with a checkbox that says allow participants to unmute
themselves if you uncheck that box. Then again, this is this the other the other
way.
Manhattan Community Board 3: That you can take that ability away from people to to
allow them to unmute themselves. So we always leave the box checked so that they can
unmute themselves.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So then, next to that and very thing two or three small
dots.
Manhattan Community Board 3: If you click on those three dots.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Again, this is
Manhattan Community Board 3: Where we see the second place where you can lock the
meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Where you can enable the waiting room.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Allowing participants to rename themselves unmute
themselves more checkboxes to change settings. Again, that are in other places, but
this is whether, click, click, a big get rid of the report feature.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Muted
Clint Smeltzer: It was under the security feature was where was the last time I had
I used it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: I think they got rid of it. What's interesting
Clint Smeltzer: Is it there. I don't have it.
Lisa Kaplan: It's in our version, we must have a older version where its scale.
Meghan Joye: Yeah, no.
Clint Smeltzer: I just I just updated mind. I think this morning. I think I got an
email from from zoom to update and I now that you say that I'll look let me look at
the email because it listed the things I think that was something that may, might
have changed as well.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah I updated this morning, also. So anyway, we won't
go into it. Then, but there used to be a way to report people who was your mommy.
I'm so click. Do you want to raise your hand so people can see what that looks like
today only one that can do it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah, there we go. Alright. So when somebody raises
their hand they automatically jump to the top of the participant list.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And again, if we have multiple people raising their
hand. It happens in the order that they did it. So usually, that's how I call on
people, whoever raised their hand first.
Manhattan Community Board 3: You can do it however you want to do it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So if you hover over Clint. Now you'll see that there's
another option that says lower
Manhattan Community Board 3: Hand. So as we were talking about earlier, when it was
just a couple of us who were waiting for everyone else to join.
Manhattan Community Board 3: When I helped Paul out for his competition meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The one I basically just sat here and watch things and
waited to see if as human bomb happened or whatever because Paul was had everything
open that he needed to have open because he uses during the teeth so
Manhattan Community Board 3: And the only thing he kept forgetting to do was lower
people's hands so I kept doing it for him in the background.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So again, when I'm not there. And you see everyone's
hands raised. You'll realize, oh, I'm forgetting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So,
Meghan Joye: Michael, you said this before, but we like I don't have the option to
raise my hand because I'm a co host right now.
Meghan Joye: Usually it's on the bottom of the participants screen.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah, yeah. You don't see it. If I take, and I can, I
can take away some of the coast ability. A little later on. People can play with it
again. But yeah.
Manhattan Community Board 3: That's the, that's one of the biggest things that
making somebody a co host loses is their ability to raise your hand. So again, you
know, I know. I think for
Manhattan Community Board 3: Us. We made Michael a co host and he couldn't raise his
hand anymore. We did it for the Minutes and stuff like that. But he had to keep
interrupting whenever he wanted to
Clint Smeltzer: Say something. The one thing that co host can do is they can do the
they can use the other reactions they can use the wave
Clint Smeltzer: The wave of the hand and the thumbs up and thumbs down. I think so.
I mean, maybe that's a way around it, too. If it's a co host and you see there any
sign up, then that means they're raising their hand. Yeah.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Does anybody have any other questions about
participants screen before we move on to the next icon on the bottom controls.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So the next icon on the bottom is the polls icon at
least these for me may not be for you.
Manhattan Community Board 3: But you will see it when when you log in as the
community board because our account comes with that that feature we don't use that
feature. So I'm not going to go into it at this point. But there is a polling
feature and
Manhattan Community Board 3: In the system. So, so the next one you should see is
chat. So if you open the chat box you'll see there's already a messages near from
Lisa
Manhattan Community Board 3: The one biggest thing I want to say about the chat,
because I make this mistake often is that
Manhattan Community Board 3: You'll see at the bottom of the screen at the chat,
where you can type in your message. It says to there's a pulldown menu there. So
it's usually the top option is everyone, then you can also send a private chat to
any of the participants listed in the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: For whatever reason, the chat that that to box changes
to whoever
Manhattan Community Board 3: Least for me, sometimes it changes to whoever chatted
last so sometimes I think I'm sending a chat to the whole group. And I'm actually
sending it to
Manhattan Community Board 3: Only Lisa because she was the one who chatted to last
time. So just make sure if you are sending a chat out to the group that you have
that selected as everyone
Linda Jones: Must Michael. Is that something that gets disabled sometimes because
I've seen where you can only chat to everyone.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yes. So that is a setting a default setting and in our
overall account.
Manhattan Community Board 3: That actually recently changed. So again, we can have a
conversation out exactly when we talk about some functionality at our meetings to
decide to disable that as well.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because there is a checkbox that I can just uncheck
that says only allow the chat feature to be to everyone and not allow
Manhattan Community Board 3: Private chats.
Meghan Joye: And looks like if you click on those three little black dots to the
right of where your messaging somebody, it gives you the option to participant can
chat with no one host only everyone publicly for everyone publicly and privately.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So we can change it there also.
Manhattan Community Board 3: I've never saw this three dots, because they're so
thanks thanks Megan.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Again, this goes into zoom has two or three ways to do
everything.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So again, we're going to talk more about the chat
feature at our executive meeting, there's really not much more to say about right
now. The main reason we're using the chat feature is for attendance purposes for non
board members.
Manhattan Community Board 3: We've been opening every meeting asking non but board
members to type their name and the affiliation that they have with the community
group into the chat box and then using that for attendance.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because the chat box is is one of the three things that
gets downloaded after the meeting happens
Manhattan Community Board 3: So usually I'll type something in the chat box that
says the same thing. Please type your name, but
Manhattan Community Board 3: But again, we'll have a larger conversation about this
exact so there's not a lot of functionality in the chat box to go over unless
somebody has a question about something.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The next one is the one that we use a lot which is the
share screen. So again, this has a arrow next to it. So if you click on that arrow.
You'll see it there.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Least I see three things. One, it says one participant
can share at a time.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Or multiple participants can share simultaneously or
advanced screen sharing settings. So I usually have mindset to one participant
sharing at a time.
Manhattan Community Board 3: If you need to share your screen for any reason you
literally just click the green share your screen icon and then it will bring up a
Manhattan Community Board 3: white box that has little boxes in it that basically
has everything in your computer that's currently open. So usually what I try to do
before meeting is have everything open that I know is going to be shared that night.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because it makes it a lot easier to share something
Manhattan Community Board 3: The other thing to note. So when you when you do click
that icon that brings up this box. You just clicked on whatever it is that you want
to share. And you can either double click it, or you can hit share and then it
stopped sharing the screen.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So Allah. Can you all see the training agenda.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And then the
Manhattan Community Board 3: So just. The other thing to keep in mind is when you
share screen the recording the video recording automatically only records the shared
document and whoever's actively speaking
Manhattan Community Board 3: So, and then the way I have it said is when I share the
screen.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The controls that are usually at the bottom. Go to the
top. So just keep that in mind. You might want to play with this at some point, and
she see where your controls. Go. It also closes the chat box and the participants
window. So anytime you share the screen you have to reopen those
Manhattan Community Board 3: And when you stop sharing, same thing. They disappear,
and you have to reopen them. So just keep that in mind.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So you can stop sharing at any point and it just goes
back to the gallery view or whatever views you were last in
Manhattan Community Board 3: The other thing about sharing the screen when you click
on the option to share your screen, the big white box comes up again and you see
basic
Manhattan Community Board 3: And I'll show you this feature. We haven't used this
feature. But if you click on advance. There is an option just to share a portion of
your screen. So basically, if you click on that.
Manhattan Community Board 3: It brings up this at least for me, it brings up like an
orange box are and if I move that box around then that's all you get to see
Manhattan Community Board 3: Whoever
Manhattan Community Board 3: So again, you know, this might be something I'll
probably start using in the future. So that, especially for the timer.
Manhattan Community Board 3: With it takes up less space on the screen to share and
you can literally once the box appears. You can move it anywhere you want. So you
can just hover it over whatever it is that you want to share
Manhattan Community Board 3: Anybody have questions about sharing screen.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Nice little
Clint Smeltzer: One little tip. So there's an option in there. You can share
individual programs or you can share your entire screen.
Clint Smeltzer: I find it's helpful. Like if you're having a meeting where you're
gonna be sharing a lot of documents.
Clint Smeltzer: It's easier to share your screen or your desktop, as opposed to
individual documents because then you don't have to switch back and forth from
sharing each program in each document.
Clint Smeltzer: But if you're going to do that. Just make sure that you know you
don't have your video playing in the background of something else or whatever, if
you're sharing your whole screen.
Clint Smeltzer: So just one, but it is if you're doing multiple documents. There's
also what's really helpful is a whiteboard function which
Clint Smeltzer: You know, again, I don't know if you're me if your committees, you
would need it, but sometimes if you need a whiteboard, just to like sketch a circle
and say where is that going to be. It's just something to keep in mind.
Manhattan Community Board 3: What I'm mean, I taught myself this program when when
you know the pandemic happen. So I would suggest to all of you. If you have your own
accounts just log on one day.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Create a meeting. That's literally just you and play
with all the functionality and see what it does, because that's how I sort of taught
myself how to use this so
Manhattan Community Board 3: The last
Manhattan Community Board 3: One second to last icon is the reactions icon. And
again, this is where if you want to give a thumbs up or applause. This is where you
can just quickly go through that.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And then there's always a more tab. And so again,
depending on what role you have like if you're just a participant, you probably
won't have this tab, because this, this is
Manhattan Community Board 3: The menu that gives you that gives you the option to
stream on Facebook or stream it on YouTube, which we are not doing we're basically
just taking the recording and posting it on YouTube, after the fact. This is also
where you can pause and stop the recording as well.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The other thing I want to talk about and that because I
think we've covered everything in the list that I sent you guys
Manhattan Community Board 3: But the other big thing that I want to talk about is
when the meeting is over.
Manhattan Community Board 3: You can't just if you're a host, you have to at the
bottom of this, the toolbar, where all the controls are you have to click the end
button if you don't click the Add button and you just x out of the program. It's
going to think you're still going to meet at
Manhattan Community Board 3: The end button is what ends the meeting for everybody.
It kicks all the other participants out of the meeting, it stops the recording it
stops all of that. What happens when you when you click the end button is you will
automatically get a pop up.
Manhattan Community Board 3: That is the chat box. The chat box downloads
automatically right when the meeting has ended.
Manhattan Community Board 3: You don't need to do anything with that you can delete
it, because the chat box that that download also goes into the iCloud storage
system. And that's where I get it from so don't worry about doing anything with that
file. Once it pops up on your screen. You can just delete it.
Susan Stetzer: Could end the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Only the host can enemy. Yeah, you're not see you're
not seeing. Yeah. Only the host can end the meeting. That's one of the
functionalities of the host. So it's right, it's literally at the end of that
toolbar.
Manhattan Community Board 3: There's a little bit of big bright red icon that says
no, you have to end the meeting when the meeting is over.
Linda Jones: That's the participant list. Skip.
Linda Jones: logic that class you
Manhattan Community Board 3: Know, unfortunately, that's why we can't use it for
attendance and
Manhattan Community Board 3: That's why we've been asking people to
Manhattan Community Board 3: type their name into
Linda Jones: Dynamic credit changes as people go in and out.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah.
I mean,
Manhattan Community Board 3: There is something you know
Manhattan Community Board 3: Again, this is more of a conversation for our debt call
but
Manhattan Community Board 3: You know, one of the functionalities. We're not using
is requiring people to register for our meetings. We're just leaving them open so
that anybody can join them at any time.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Some other community boards are using the registration
feature. And that's another way to capture attendance. But again, that's a
conversation for another time.
Meghan Joye: I'm
Meghan Joye: Michael, I don't, I don't see that in button is
Manhattan Community Board 3: Because you're not only available to the host. So I
would have to make you have to give you well.
Clint Smeltzer: Michael does yours actually say end or does it say leave and when
you click on leave, it says leave meeting for or and meeting for all or leave
meeting is that does your say end or leave
Clint Smeltzer: Boxes okay your says and but yeah
Meghan Joye: I've got it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah, so your lead but
Manhattan Community Board 3: Me and if you're the host. If you're the CO host it
just stays at least
Manhattan Community Board 3: Any other technical questions that I can answer while
you've got me.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Soon, you're muted.
Susan Stetzer: When Einstein assays. It's been absolutely great. I really appreciate
it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: No problem.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So we're gonna take this recording, hopefully it worked
out okay with all the interruptions and I'll put it on our YouTube account and not
make it public. I'll just make it a private
Manhattan Community Board 3: Video and then send everybody the link so that if
there's questions, you can just refer back to the video right now, I am planning on
being on economic development and health and human services, this week.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Megan, I already talked about the possibility of me not
being needed. So if it winds up, you know, an hour or so into the meeting that
they're fine. I'll just drop off.
Meghan Joye: Yeah, I think, I take that back. Now I know
Meghan Joye: Like you for the beginning more detail than I expected.
Linda Jones: But one thing I've noticed is even if
Linda Jones: You have a small meeting like you helped with landmarks last time.
Linda Jones: Basically somebody running the meeting, who's not chairing the meeting.
And it's a big meeting like land use that's essential so
Manhattan Community Board 3: you're muted. Again, Linda.
Linda Jones: That way. Okay. So, for example, as the Vice Chair, I might run the
meeting host the meeting. Well, Jackie chairs to meeting so that he doesn't have to
worry about the technicalities and that was very helpful, even for a small meeting
to have you doing that for me.
Clint Smeltzer: Though it is very hard. It's hard to
Clint Smeltzer: Run the meeting in terms of
Clint Smeltzer: You know chairing the meeting.
Clint Smeltzer: And running the meeting.
Clint Smeltzer: Technically, because you're, you have to be looking at multiple
things. So you definitely need to at least you know two people to to handle it.
Mae Lee: Yeah, I also would feel more comfortable if you were there. Michael and
Mae Lee: The beginning, I mean, I actually teach using zoom, but I still feel more
comfortable because this will be our first time and first time for the other
committee members and I have a large committee.
Manhattan Community Board 3: I've already planned on it. So, you know, I think,
again, we can speak offline with the other chairs. But I think Linda and Paul are
probably okay on their own this month.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Jackie may or may not be depending on what's on his
agenda, but we can take it on a case by case basis, as far as who
Manhattan Community Board 3: Who would like
Manhattan Community Board 3: Even though you're there to help them out.
Laryssa: Yeah, Michael, I have also I've worked with zoom a lot. I actually taught
people to use zoom. And one thing I do is I co host for a few professors
Laryssa: Which is very helpful for them. So I kind of pilot it for them checking the
chat raising and lowering hands using and I'm muting
Laryssa: That way it frees up the chair or the professor that case to run the
meeting. So you're not distracted and you don't forget people and forget to call on
them. It's very helpful to people like
Manhattan Community Board 3: Susan you're muted. If you're talking
Manhattan Community Board 3: That
Manhattan Community Board 3: Hit your hit your red icon on your mouse.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So technical difficulties so right now. Susan has an
ass.
Susan Stetzer: I did it by clicking my red thing. I'm not a little box. So what I
was gonna say is we could put this video under member resources on our websites and
be easier for people to find
Manhattan Community Board 3: Okay. Yeah, I will. When I download it tomorrow, I'll
send the link to gym. Once it's on YouTube and you can put it there.
Susan Stetzer: Great, thank you.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Awesome, Louis, or you have to email me and tell me how
I did since you've done this before.
Laryssa: I give you two thumbs up, but I can only do once I'm up in the reactions.
So
Laryssa: Here you go.
Clint Smeltzer: One other thing, and I took this from Linda. Linda had put this
together for her meeting. So I took it and modified it a little bit. I know I sent
it to Michael, it's just a little kind of
Clint Smeltzer: Introduction for the beginning of the meeting for the participants
on how to use zoom
Clint Smeltzer: It might be good. I think if we all put that up just to go through
the beginning the meeting. This is how we're in the meeting. If you need if we're
going to call on you to speak. This is how you do it just because there's still some
people that haven't use zoom. So
Manhattan Community Board 3: Yeah. And one of the I've been using that as well. We
we stole it from Linda and made it generic and
Manhattan Community Board 3: And I think I had it up at for policy meeting at the
very beginning before we started the actual business portion of the meeting. So I'll
do that for the other two meetings this week.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The one thing we didn't really touch on are the people
who are joining by phone online. And I think that you've, you've probably heard me
say it enough that people on the phone.
Manhattan Community Board 3: They have to either hit Start they have to hit star six
if they want to mute or unmute themselves and star nine if they want to raise their
hand what you might see
Manhattan Community Board 3: And this happens a lot with Dave Adams, for instance,
because, Dave.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Despite my best efforts of getting giving him a webcam.
He couldn't connect it to his computer and so he joins both ways. He joins the video
call so that he can see everything and see the screen share. And then he joined by
the phone so he can talk
Manhattan Community Board 3: So you see in your participant list. Somebody listed
twice.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And it's a problem going both ways.
Clint Smeltzer: So there is an option. And I don't know if you want to put the
effort into helping them. But if you joined by you join with the computer screen and
then you join with that when you go to the join with the phone.
Clint Smeltzer: When you enter that in. It gives you a participant code it merges
your phone number with your video screen so you won't have to I. It's not. I don't
know how much effort we want to put into instructing them to do that.
Clint Smeltzer: To clear out the parts but it's, it's an option.
Clint Smeltzer: If you're with someone, personally, and you want to teach them, but
otherwise to intermediate try and have them do that. It's
Manhattan Community Board 3: A lot more that it's a little too technical. I think
for them but but I will say that normally what I do is when I see people joined by
phone only
Manhattan Community Board 3: Is before the meeting the business part of the meeting
starts is out say because you only see the last like the first three digits in the
last three gets the phone number.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So you see, I'll say, hey,
Manhattan Community Board 3: Whoever joined us from 917 blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah. You know 246 can you unmute yourselves and identify yourself so we
Manhattan Community Board 3: Know,
Clint Smeltzer: And then I change the other option you used to be as a host able to
join.
Clint Smeltzer: Us to be able to merge someone with the call. I don't know if they
took that away. I think they did and brought it back, but as a host you used to be
able to, I don't know if he still can.
Manhattan Community Board 3: We'll see what happens the next time it happens. But
just be just be again aware that you might see somebody's name twice, and it's
father to join the meeting twice. I'll ask you the question.
Alexandra Militano: Well, I was gonna say i i will say, I've had in German success
with the the audio using my computer and zoom. So sometimes people don't completely
hear me maybe my wireless connection.
Alexandra Militano: So, Clint and I set up. I mean, Clint is a great resource. And
I'm glad to have him as my vice chair so we sit in advance of our meetings I do the
audio.
Alexandra Militano: On my phone and I do the video on my zoom. So I can ensure that
I have, you know, no issues with respect. Anybody hearing me while I'm chairing the
meeting.
Meghan Joye: Michael, just one last question. So if I'm, if I have a speaker coming
to the meeting and I know how to unmute every are to mute everybody so that they're
not interrupting him with questions while he's speaking
Meghan Joye: So, but in order to get him to speak and be unmuted. I just have to
hover over his face and click on mute, right, then everyone else's muted and he's
not muted and they have to raise their hands if they want to be called on. Exactly.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Again, if we're leaving that the option for people to
unmute themselves that somebody could theoretically unmute themselves and be
disruptive, but that knock on wood has not really been the case so far. Most of our
meetings.
Meghan Joye: And we can preface it like if you have enough saved questions to the
end and use them and feature.
Clint Smeltzer: Okay, so I just joined by phone, Michael just test it and see is as
the host. Can you merge. If you right click on that does give you the option to
merge with video
Manhattan Community Board 3: Oh, it just get the option to rename put you back in
the waiting room or remove
Clint Smeltzer: Yeah, I think they remove that it used to be an option. But anyways,
I was just testing it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Thanks for the test, though.
Manhattan Community Board 3: The other thing also that Megan's question brought up
for me is that, again, if you are having a presenter.
Manhattan Community Board 3: I found the easiest way to do it is just have them join
the meeting as a participant and then make them a co host once during the meeting.
Manhattan Community Board 3: There is a way to make somebody a co host in advance by
putting their email address into a co host box in the meeting setup. But the problem
is that email address has to be associated with their zoom account.
Manhattan Community Board 3: And for most city officials their city email is not the
one they're using for their zoom accounts.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So if you try to put an email address in that box to
make somebody a co host in advance, you'll get an error message that basically says
this email address does not have the zoom account associated with it.
Manhattan Community Board 3: So that so but once somebody is in the meeting. You can
make them a co host and regardless of whether or not you know they have an account.
Manhattan Community Board 3: Any other questions.
Manhattan Community Board 3: All right. Good night, everybody. Good.
Laryssa: Night everyone she
Lisa Kaplan: Really was
Meghan Joye: Very helpful. Yeah.
Laryssa: Great job.
Thanks.